<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>Riker Ipsum</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../styles/stylesheet.css"/>
</head>
<body>
<p class="chno"><span epub:type="pagebreak" id="page_1" title="1"/>1</p>
<p class="chtitle">Damage report!</p>
<p class="chtitle1"><i>Computer, belay that order</i></p>
<p class="indent1">Why don't we just give everybody a promotion and call it a night - 'Commander'? Fate. It protects fools, little children, and ships named "Enterprise." They were just sucked into space. Sure. You'd be surprised how far a hug goes with Geordi, or Worf. Besides, you look good in a dress. I can't. As much as I care about you, my first duty is to the ship. You did exactly what you had to do. You considered all your options, you tried every alternative and then you made the hard choice. Mr. Worf, you sound like a man who's asking his friend if he can start dating his sister. Congratulations - you just destroyed the Enterprise.</p>
<p class="h1">The look in your eyes, I recognize it</p>
<p class="noindent">The look in your eyes, I recognize it. You used to have it for me. Computer, belay that order. You enjoyed that. My oath is between Captain Kargan and myself. Your only concern is with how you obey my orders. Or do you prefer the rank of prisoner to that of lieutenant? I've had twelve years to think about it. And if I had it to do over again, I would have grabbed the phaser and pointed it at you instead of them. Fate protects fools, little children and ships named Enterprise. What's a knock-out like you doing in a computer-generated gin joint like this? We could cause a diplomatic crisis. Take the ship into the Neutral Zone and attack the Romulans. And blowing into maximum warp speed, you appeared for an instant to be in two places at once.</p>
<p class="noindent">Then maybe you should consider this: if anything happens to them, <i>Starfleet</i> is going to want a full investigation. Travel time to the nearest starbase? Now, how the hell do we defeat an enemy that knows us better than we know ourselves? My oath is between Captain Kargan and myself. Your only concern is with how you obey my orders. Or do you prefer the rank of prisoner to that of lieutenant? You enjoyed that. Maybe we better talk out here; the observation lounge has turned into a swamp. Yesterday I did not know how to eat <b>gagh</b>. Fate. It protects fools, little children, and ships named "Enterprise." The game's not big enough unless it scares you a little.</p>
</body>
</html>
