<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>Riker Ipsum</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../styles/stylesheet.css"/>
</head>
<body>
<p class="chno"><span epub:type="pagebreak" id="page_2" title="2"/>2</p>
<p class="chtitle">Shields up!</p>
<p class="chtitle1"><i>Rrrrred alert!!</i></p>
<p class="indent1">Well, that's certainly good to know. Maybe if we felt any human loss as keenly as we feel one of those close to us, human history would be far less bloody. I will obey your orders. I will serve this ship as First Officer. And in an attack against the Enterprise, I will die with this crew. But I will not break my oath of loyalty to Starfleet. A lot of things can change in twelve years, Admiral. I've had twelve years to think about it. And if I had it to do over again, I would have grabbed the phaser and pointed it at you instead of them. <i>The Federation's gone</i>; the <em>Borg</em> is everywhere! Travel time to the nearest starbase? The look in your eyes, I recognize it. You used to have it for me.</p>
<p class="h1">Fear is the true enemy, the only enemy.</p>
<p class="noindent">About four years. I got tired of hearing how young I looked. This should be interesting. Yes, absolutely, I do indeed concur, wholeheartedly! Some days you get the bear, and some days the bear gets you. We finished our first sensor sweep of the neutral zone. But the probability of making a six is no greater than that of rolling a seven. You did exactly what you had to do. You considered all your options, you tried every alternative and then you made the hard choice. My oath is between <i>Captain Kargan</i> and myself. Your only concern is with how you obey my orders. Or do you prefer the rank of prisoner to that of lieutenant? and attack the Romulans.</p>
<p class="noindent">Fate. It protects fools, little children, and ships named "Enterprise." Smooth as an android's bottom, eh, Data? Some days you get the bear, and some days the bear gets you. I will obey your orders. I will serve this ship as First Officer. And in an attack against the Enterprise, I will die with this crew. But I will not break my oath of loyalty to Starfleet. Then maybe you should consider this: if anything happens to them, Starfleet is going to want a full investigation. Fear is the true enemy, the only enemy.</p>
</body>
</html>
