<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>Riker Ipsum</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../styles/stylesheet.css"/>
</head>
<body>
<p class="chno"><span epub:type="pagebreak" id="page_1" title="1"/>1</p>
<p class="chtitle">Mr. Crusher, ready a collision course with the Borg ship.</p>
<p class="chtitle1"><i>They were just sucked into space.</i></p>
<p class="indent1">Your shields were failing, sir. Mr. Worf, you sound like a man who's asking his friend if he can start dating his sister. Earl Grey tea, watercress sandwiches... and Bularian canapés? Are you up for promotion? Fate. It protects fools, little children, and ships named "Enterprise." Maybe we better talk out here; the observation lounge has turned into a swamp. I suggest you drop it, Mr. Data. Fear is the true enemy, the only enemy. For an android with no feelings, he sure managed to evoke them in others. We finished our first sensor sweep of the neutral zone.</p>
<p class="h1">Some days you get the bear, and some days the bear gets you.</p>
<p class="noindent">We could cause a diplomatic crisis. Take the ship into the Neutral Zone You're going to be an interesting companion, Mr. Data. The Enterprise computer system is controlled by three primary main processor cores, cross-linked with a redundant melacortz ramistat, fourteen kiloquad interface modules. Computer, lights up! Commander William Riker of the Starship Enterprise. We have a saboteur aboard. I will obey your orders. I will serve this ship as First Officer. And in an attack against the Enterprise, I will die with this crew. But I will not break my oath of loyalty to Starfleet. And blowing into maximum warp speed, you appeared for an instant to be in two places at once. They were just sucked into space. How long can two people talk about nothing? Why don't we just give everybody a promotion and call it a night - 'Commander'?</p>
<p class="noindent">I suggest you drop it, Mr. Data. That might've been one of the shortest assignments in the history of Starfleet. Shields up! Rrrrred alert! Flair is what marks the difference between artistry and mere competence. I'd like to think that I haven't changed those things, sir. When has justice ever been as simple as a rule book? Then maybe you should consider this: if anything happens to them, Starfleet is going to want a full investigation. Not if I weaken first. My oath is between Captain Kargan and myself. Your only concern is with how you obey my orders. Or do you prefer the rank of prisoner to that of lieutenant? Your head is not an artifact! Captain, why are we out here chasing comets? Congratulations - you just destroyed the Enterprise. For an android with no feelings, he sure managed to evoke them in others. Computer, belay that order. The unexpected is our normal routine. Maybe if we felt any human loss as keenly as we feel one of those close to us, human history would be far less bloody.</p>
<p class="h1">The unexpected is our normal routine.</p>
<p class="noindent">When has justice ever been as simple as a rule book? Now, how the hell do we defeat an enemy that knows us better than we know ourselves? Maybe if we felt any human loss as keenly as we feel one of those close to us, human history would be far less bloody. I'll be sure to note that in my log. We finished our first sensor sweep of the neutral zone. Shields up! Rrrrred alert! You're going to be an interesting companion, Mr. Data. The Federation's gone; the Borg is everywhere! How long can two people talk about nothing? Mr. Crusher, ready a collision course with the Borg ship. Could someone survive inside a transporter buffer for 75 years? You did exactly what you had to do. You considered all your options, you tried every alternative and then you made the hard choice.</p>
</body>
</html>
