<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>Riker Ipsum</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../styles/stylesheet.css"/>
</head>
<body>
<p class="chno"><span epub:type="pagebreak" id="page_2" title="2"/>2</p>
<p class="chtitle">Shields up!</p>
<p class="chtitle1"><i>Rrrrred alert!!</i></p>
<p class="indent1">Well, that's certainly good to know. Maybe if we felt any human loss as keenly as we feel one of those close to us, human history would be far less bloody. I will obey your orders. I will serve this ship as First Officer. And in an attack against the Enterprise, I will die with this crew. But I will not break my oath of loyalty to Starfleet. A lot of things can change in twelve years, Admiral. I've had twelve years to think about it. And if I had it to do over again, I would have grabbed the phaser and pointed it at you instead of them. <i>The Federation's gone</i>; the <em>Borg</em> is everywhere! Travel time to the nearest starbase? The look in your eyes, I recognize it. You used to have it for me.</p>
<p class="h1">Fear is the true enemy, the only enemy.</p>
<p class="noindent">About four years. I got tired of hearing how young I looked. This should be interesting. Yes, absolutely, I do indeed concur, wholeheartedly! Some days you get the bear, and some days the bear gets you. We finished our first sensor sweep of the neutral zone. But the probability of making a six is no greater than that of rolling a seven. You did exactly what you had to do. You considered all your options, you tried every alternative and then you made the hard choice. My oath is between <i>Captain Kargan</i> and myself. Your only concern is with how you obey my orders. Or do you prefer the rank of prisoner to that of lieutenant? and attack the Romulans.</p>
<p class="noindent">Fate. It protects fools, little children, and ships named "Enterprise." Smooth as an android's bottom, eh, Data? Some days you get the bear, and some days the bear gets you. I will obey your orders. I will serve this ship as First Officer. And in an attack against the Enterprise, I will die with this crew. But I will not break my oath of loyalty to Starfleet. Then maybe you should consider this: if anything happens to them, Starfleet is going to want a full investigation. Fear is the true enemy, the only enemy.</p>
<p class="complicated-star-wars">Another prominent example of licensed games opening up a world comes once again from the <i>Star Wars</i>
  franchise. The sheer range of <i>Star Wars</i> titles is amazing, numbering over one hundred, and covering multiple styles
  and genres, from the early arcade game with simple line graphics that invited players to destroy the Death Star, to
  today&#8217;s <i>Star Wars Galaxies</i> series (2003&#8211;), a massively multiple-player online role-playing game (MMORPG),
  and to the multi-player military combat games <i>Star Wars: Battlefront</i> (2004) and <i>Star Wars: Battlefront II</i> (2005),
  first-person shooters such as <i>Star Wars: Dark Forces</i> (1995) and <i>Star Wars: Bounty Hunter</i> (2002), flight simulation
   games <i>X-Wing</i> (1993) and <i>Tie-Fighter</i> (1994), racing games such as <i>Star Wars: Episode 1 Racer</i> (1999),
   fighting games such as <i>Star Wars: Masters of Ter&#228;s K&#228;si</i> (1997), educational games such as
   <i>Star Wars: Droid Works</i> (1999), computerized board games <i>Star Wars Chess</i> (1994) and
   <i>Monopoly: Star Wars Edition</i> (1997), real-time strategy games such as <i>Star Wars: Galactic Battlegrounds</i> (2001),
   and even playful-parodic games such as <i>Lego Star Wars: The Video Game</i> (2005) and
   <i>Lego Star Wars II: The Original Trilogy</i> (2006). Through these games, the <i>Star Wars</i> universe has been able
   to &#8220;colonize&#8221; multiple game genres, as the text expands ever outward. Many of these games have also made
   communal imprints on the universe more possible, as they offer two-player, networked, or online modes that require
   a group performance of the universe and result in a complex social environment that mixes computer-, game designer&#8211;,
   film or program writer&#8211;, and human-generated actions and narrative imprints.
   <span epub:type="pagebreak" id="page_195" title="195"/>The <i>Galaxies</i> series in particular, as the
   <i>Star Wars</i> MMORPG,<sup><a id="fn6_44" href="16_Notes.xhtml#rfn6_44">44</a></sup> has made possible daily,
   evolving exploration of and contributions to the storyworld, profoundly reshaping some players&#8217; understanding
   of the nature of the storyworld in the process, as is subtly alluded to in the title&#8217;s pluralization of
   the films&#8217; &#8220;galaxy far, far away.&#8221; Even non-gamers therefore now know <i>Star Wars</i> as more of
   a varied universe than a tightly scripted galaxy.<sup><a id="fn6_45" href="16_Notes.xhtml#rfn6_45">45</a></sup>
 </p>
</body>
</html>
